It was done in one corner of the world
Most of humanity would already have given up
Counter the greatest threat with the strongest
Extraterrestrial warhead missile defense
Want this video to many in the provision of Mine craft Babe
The path was never easy
But after the success of early 2015, dreams finally come true
It was met with the brilliant success today
Let's introduce one boat
Serial number 13 a club type 1st ship
Oh Club
Its appearance is a mixture of Maritime Self-Defense Forces
Not only is it almost completely followed
It extends to interiors such as room division and division
Dense design have been made
Furthermore, it is rare as mine craft
Operations required to intercept vls and ballistic missiles that can actually launch missiles
Equipment is installed
So she's a nest made just for practice
I of Oe pig
me
How even the yes shadow Mod up Hello there a little while ago too graces chestnut Mod
I do not ask them to break because I thought
Ah ah
Oh yes, but it was a long opening
It's the whole opening, but it wasn't the case earlier than that
Please look Yopon have clothes than I had 75 percent Poro''s recently
I because it is have Oh yeah 1 block 1 Noether
Next Iiiiko Chilla fleet of the whole picture, which let's go the next one will almost completely and spawning a little while ago
Well, the corner of the block is noticeable when it's near, but it's not even when it's far
Mg in the rear deck reduces countries
We've stopped sa 16 j ofｰｰｰｰ Mod
There are also 3 shorts of short torpedo tubes and
There is also equipment such as ciws What is the contents of the fleet
I 'll see the gold pipe of dodcraft right now because I explain it properly
You
It is for supplying fuel from the outside. It is the only industrial mod exposed on the surface.
By the way, the height is very high
Boone
I do not know because I do not plan
What for now without subtitles Damn
At the height of the Well members who reach the height of the cloud is not measured the height of the cloud y 62
I do not understand
You also ca n't do it or not-Marisa-2
Because it has become intense, let's go to today's main
What is the main and double doors of the past are yes
Central part of appraisal
cic Is it okay to go out like this?
It doesn't seem like it will decrease , but I think such things are usually classified.
If it says that, it is out at the time of part 1
The structure reproduces the real mixed type as much as possible
A product that often gathers data
I didn't have to do this well, though
It takes 5 hours to get this shape
I Since the actual right half Do a waste of effort is anti-submarine combat so do not use anything that
The location was so bright and I felt the room was brighter than last time
Ah ah ah ah
That's right
I was shooting this way, so I turned on the lights.
It is installed on the ceiling, but it is not used
Use it
This time I am open around this
There are still many places I would like to introduce, but I hope for the next time
Please think next time we will explain missile launch mechanism. Defense department original development
Arithmetic system of
there were
A semi-automated repair of the rear vls is currently in progress and will be shown as it is completed
That reminds me I explained about the mc ftm 1 there was little
Well attached to the sac p main frame of mind when you succeeded in shooting down of I So today Te machine was true
The moment the interceptor missile collides
It is such a foreigner 4 frames
Well that means that I was so happy
I because it is successful on the considerable trial and error
Oh, I forgot something important
It is a story that there is no distribution page of icbm mod
Here is everything from the premise mod
We have prepared a direct link to the Defense Department website in the video description section .
Since the download destination and the introduction method were summarized there, please use by all means
Finally, it has been, but now the defense part, we have studied the self-made Aegis system Mod
How to us in the hope the next joint development
There is also a link in the description
This channel's free and anya read through dog blogs
please
Say everyone in unexpected create the strongest air defense system
I'm waiting for a lot of birds
Thank you for watching